got another victor forgive me Lord which
seems quite appropriate old rugged cross
I would add my advise the record if it
was so inclined to start praying now all
right Victor old rugged cross forgive me
if once again I crouched down behind the
table
all right here we go
I'm glad I protected my window spits of
the old record and the new record chunks
all over ya hunk of it embed it in there
bearings in this sound just as bad as
they otherwise do and for the amusement
of I know at least one person asked me
to record shop back your wish is my
command this is made from a shot back
shot back that I rescued from water and
managed to free the bearings up once
again with lacquer thinner which works
destroys them but what do we care so you
will eventually when we're tired of
blowing up records see this bad boy in
action one last time and you know using
this on the video anyways so why
bother recording it cuz you're retarded
that's why